howdy folks how's it going welcome to my
virgin kitchen today I will show you how
to make corn dogs good times they look
amazing right and I want to thank a
Schwinn and Brina for suggesting that I
make corn dogs with the Super Bowl
coming up it's pretty much a no-brainer
you're gonna love these now being
British I don't really know too much
about the Super Bowl I just have a video
game at Madden one they just be quite
good it just thrown a ball everywhere
didn't Reno what I was doing which was
kind of cool but I put a joke out on
Facebook earlier saying you can get
amazing gambling odds on the Chicago
Bulls winning the Superbowl I don't see
their basketball team it kind of
backfired which was British humor I do
know a little bit about it I spent four
summers of my life out in America of my
American family Cindy and Sammy and I
never tried a corn dog it's a good thing
because these are amazing so I really
hope you give them a try it pause on
video now what is in green it's down
this first up I got my frankfurters and
sat them on kitchen towel to make sure
they were fully dry and here comes the
painful bit I inserted a bamboo skewer
all the way into the Frankfurter so it
was nice and easy to hold Oh
for all the guys watching sorry about
that step with the frankfurters all
inserted put them to one side and it's
time to make our batter so you grab a
mixing bowl and combine your flour sugar
polenta which is also known as cornmeal
salt and baking powder into that bowl
and just mix it all together until it's
nice and combined add in your beaten egg
and half of your milk stirring it
initially and then add the rest of it
and continue the stir until you've got a
lovely smooth batter now to make sure my
batter is nice and clean I like an
ex-boyfriend or girlfriend it just won't
let go I transferred my batter into a
jug and then placed it in the fridge
while I got on heating up my oil so over
a medium flame on a hob I whack down my
pan I've filled it with a load of
vegetable oil getting it up to
temperature with the oil in the pan nice
and hot
I found it super easy to grab a nice
tall glass stick my sausage in it I know
that sounds wrong we'll just skip over
that beer pour in the killer and then
any excess at the top it didn't make
I'll just spoon at that extra batter on
top until it was fully coated
I then sat it into my pan of oil and
then it just roll around for three or
four minutes until it's nice and golden
brown before sitting it on kids
I don't like it then was repeat those
steps of my remaining frankfurters I
even drizzled on a little bit of mustard
and I wasn't really sure what people
normally have on these I've seen mustard
it's quite popular but what do you know
we have a new corn dog let me know down
below but that is it my friends super
easy mmm
oh my goodness guys I can see why these
are so popular they're pretty darn
amazing
you got a slits chickweed foamy crunchy
layer on the outside just delicate
enough mix them well with that mustard
so please let me know if this passes
your American seal of approval and what
you put on yours if you enjoyed this
video don't forget that you have thumbs
up share subscribe comment all that
stuff good luck with the Super Bowl if
you cheer it on the Chicago Bulls like I
am wink good times guys see you next
time bye
[Music]